Pass event object to callbacks (#68)
langleyfoxall/react-dynamic-data-table: README.md

### Clickable rows

> Clickable rows allows an `onClick` prop to be passed which will return an event object along with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clickable rows allows an `onClick` prop to be passed. This should be a callable, that will be passed an event object along with
```

an instance of the row that is clicked. It also adds the bootstrap `table-hover` class onto the table.

```JSX
<DynamicDataTable
    rows={this.state.users}

>     onClick={row => console.warn(event, row.name)}

Reviewer: Does this need to be changed to the following?

```suggestion
    onClick={(event, row) => console.warn(event, row.name)}
```
